US-Operations Expert
United States
Apple Retail
Summary
Posted: Dec 27, 2023
Role Number:114438152
Do you love how it feels to make someone’s day?  As an Operations Expert, you know better than anyone else the satisfaction of getting the latest Apple product into your hands. So it’s up to you to make sure customers are just as satisfied. By guiding and mentoring your team, you help keep pace with changing demands and make sure every product and demo machine is where it should be. At the end of the day, it’s your organizational skills and dedication that are at the heart of what the Apple Store does — connecting people to the products they love.
Key Qualifications
Ability to think quickly and perform problem-solving tasks, even within changing conditions.
Leadership skills, whether guiding by example or coaching a group.
Strong organizational skills, quickly evaluating every situation.
Description
As an Operations Expert, you and your team have the incredible responsibility of ensuring products take the final step in the supply chain: getting into customers' hands. You're in charge of the store's entire inventory - products, parts, tools, supplies, and everything else. You make sure your team has the support, knowledge, and resources required to maintain product availability, complete inventory tasks, and keep the stockroom organized as new products arrive. You're in constant contact with the management and leadership teams, sharing data about the status of products and parts. And when exciting new products arrive, you're the first to open them up and present them to the entire store team. Apple makes the products, but you make it happen by being ready to place our products in customers' hands.
Additional Requirements
•You can manage and meet multiple inventory deadlines each week.
•You’re willing to observe guidelines to allow secure access to products and movement through the stockroom.
•You’ll need to be flexible with your schedule. Your work hours will be based on business needs.
Pay & Benefits
At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. Your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.

Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. Learn more about Apple Benefits.

For information about pay, if you are interested in roles located in one of our California, Colorado, New York or Washington locations click here to select a store and view pay information.

Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.
